feat: SEO update (#172)
postmanlabs/postman-mcp-server: README.md

# Postman MCP Server

> The **Postman MCP Server** implements the [Model Context Protocol (MCP)](https://modelcontextprotocol.io) to connect AI agents and coding assistants — including Claude Code, Cursor, VS Code Copilot, GitHub Copilot CLI, and Gemini CLI — directly to your Postman workspaces, collections, OpenAPI specs, and environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Postman MCP Server** implements the [Model Context Protocol (MCP)](https://modelcontextprotocol.io) to connect AI agents and coding assistants — including Claude Code, Cursor, VS Code Copilot, GitHub Copilot CLI, and Gemini CLI — directly to your Postman workspaces, collections, specifications, and environments.
```
